v2206 release works (#174)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids-examples: examples/SQL+DF-Examples/micro-benchmarks/README.md

# Microbenchmark

Standard industry benchmarks are a great way to measure performance over 
a period of time but another barometer to measure performance is to measure
performance of common operators that are used in the data preprocessing stage or in data analytics.
The microbenchmark notebook in this repo uses four such queries in the chart shown below:

- **Count Distinct**: a function used to estimate the number of unique page views or 
  unique customers visiting an e-commerce site.
- **Window**: a critical operator necessary for preprocessing components in analyzing
  timestamped event data in marketing or financial industry.

> - **Intersect**: an operator used to remove duplicates in a dataframes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Intersect**: an operator used to remove duplicates in a dataframe.
```

- **Cross-join**: A common use for a cross join is to obtain all combinations of items.

These queries were run on a standard eight-nodes CPU cluster with 2 CPU (128 cores),
512GB memory and 1xA100 GPUs per node. The dataset used was of size 3TB with multiple different data types.

> The queries are based on several tables in NDS parquet format with Decimal. 

Reviewer: Seems the dataset path is useDecimal=false,useDate=true,filterNull=false.
Are you sure it's with Decimal?

Author: retest, the result is not much difference, updated the notebook

These four queries show not only performance and cost benefits but also the range of
speed-up (27x to 1.5x) varies depending on compute intensity. 
These queries vary in compute and network utilization similar to a practical use case in
data preprocessing.To test these queries, you can generate the parquet format dataset using

> this NDS dataset generator tool. All the queries are running on the SF3000(Scale Factors 3TB) dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
this NDS dataset generator tool. All the queries are running on the SF3000(Scale Factor 3000) dataset.
```

Author: updated
